chore(editing): apply suggested comments and improvements in the topic (#2312)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/grids_templates/editing.md

# @@igComponent Editing

> Ignite UI for Angular @@igComponent component provides an easy way to perform data manipulation operations like creating, updating, and deleting records. The data manipulation pheses are: [Cell Editing](cell_editing.md), [Row Editing](row_editing.md), and [Batch Editing](batch_editing.md). The @@igComponent gives you a powerful public API which allows you to customize the way these operations are performed. Additionally, **Cell editing** exposes several default editors based on the column data type, that could be easly customized via [igxCellEditor directive](cell_editing.md#cell-editing-templates) or [igxRow directives](row_editing.md#customizing-row-editing-overlay).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignite UI for Angular @@igComponent component provides an easy way to perform data manipulation operations like creating, updating, and deleting records. The data manipulation phases are: [Cell Editing](cell_editing.md), [Row Editing](row_editing.md), and [Batch Editing](batch_editing.md). The @@igComponent gives you a powerful public API which allows you to customize the way these operations are performed. Additionally, **Cell editing** exposes several default editors based on the column data type, that could be easily customized via [igxCellEditor directive](cell_editing.md#cell-editing-templates) or [igxRow directives](row_editing.md#customizing-row-editing-overlay).
```

| [`cellEditExit`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#cellEditExit) | Fires when a cell **exits edit mode** | [IGridEditDoneEventArgs]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/igridediteventargs.html) | `false` |
| [`rowEdit`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#rowedit) | If `rowEditing` is enabled, fires just before a row in edit mode's value is **committed** (e.g. by clicking the `Done` button on the Row Editing Overlay) | [IGridEditEventArgs]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/igridediteventargs.html) | `true` |
| [`rowEditDone`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#roweditdone) | If `rowEditing` is enabled, fires **after** a row has been edited and new row's value has been **committed**. | [IGridEditDoneEventArgs]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/igridediteventargs.html) | `false` |
| [`rowEditExit`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#rowEditExit) | If `rowEditing` is enabled, fires when a row **exits edit mode** | [IGridEditDoneEventArgs]({environment:angularApiUrl}/interfaces/igridediteventargs.html) | `false` |

### Event cancelation
 - `RowEditEnter` - Neither Row nor Cell will enter edit mode.

>  - `CellEditEnter` - Prevents entering cell edit. If [`rowEditable`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcolumncomponent.html#roweditable) enabled, row edit will be triggered, although cell edit will remain forbidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `CellEditEnter` - Prevents entering cell edit. If [`rowEditable`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcolumncomponent.html#roweditable) is enabled, row edit will be triggered, although cell edit will remain forbidden.
```
